# TERMS & CONDITIONS

Project KONGOR is the collection of repositories owned by this organisation, hosted here at https://github.com/N-E-W-E-R-T-H. Any entities including, but not limited to, live streaming or VOD channels or services, forums or boards, instant messaging or VoIP social platforms, digital or non-digital groups of individuals, etc. may be considered adjacent to Project KONGOR under the explicit consent of the owner of Project KONGOR, with email address project.kongor@proton.me, but are not constituents of Project KONGOR, unless otherwise stated by the owner of Project KONGOR.

Any and all Project KONGOR members or external collaborators that have been or will be added to this organisation are considered to be added by the owner of Project KONGOR, with email address project.kongor@proton.me, either explicitly (by direct invitation) or implicitly (invited by an already-existing member), and any and all intellectual property related to Project KONGOR and created as part of, in association with, or referencing Project KONGOR by any and all past, present, or future Project KONGOR members or external collaborators is owned solely and entirely by the Project KONGOR organisation.

Since the long-term vision of Project KONGOR was and still is to eventually open-source the codebases which make up Project KONGOR, repositories of interest that are part of Project KONGOR are protected by a GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE (Version 3), meaning that, amongst many clauses, any and all distributions, forks, etc. of Project KONGOR or of any parts of Project KONGOR must be made open-source and any state changes to codebases which are not directly hosted under Project KONGOR at https://github.com/N-E-W-E-R-T-H must be made public. No distributions, forks, etc. of any of the Project KONGOR intellectual property shall be made without the explicit consent of the owner of Project KONGOR, with email address project.kongor@proton.me.

The owner of Project KONGOR does not accept any liability incurred by contributions of any members or external collaborators of Project KONGOR, including but not limited to any infringements on the Heroes Of Newerth intellectual property. Not incurring any liability is the sole responsibility of the individual members or external collaborators of Project KONGOR, and any liability incurred will lead to removal from the Project KONGOR organisation.

Any and all Project KONGOR intellectual property is owned jointly and solely by the members of the Project KONGOR organisation, for as long as they are part of the organisation. The ownership of intellectual property, per repository, as well as the organisational decision power of each member are directly proportional to that member's contribution share. Upon the termination of membership of a member from the Project KONGOR organisation, any and all intellectual property shall remain owned by the Project KONGOR organisation, and the terminated member's share of intellectual property ownership and organisational decision power shall be distributed equally amongst the remaining members. External collaborators have no share of intellectual property ownership or organisational decision power. Any and all other entities, such as employers, business partners, etc. affiliated with any member of the Project KONGOR organisation have no share of intellectual property ownership or organisational decision power. The owner of Project KONGOR, with email address project.kongor@proton.me, reserves the right to terminate the membership of any member, at any time, without any notice, and for any reason.

Continued membership of Project KONGOR or collaboration with Project KONGOR past the point of these Terms & Conditions being published, is considered to be explicit consent to any and all clauses specified by these Terms & Conditions. Any new Project KONGOR members or external collaborators added either explicitly (by direct invitation) or implicitly (invited by an already-existing member) shall be subject to these Terms & Conditions as well, and joining the Project KONGOR organisation is considered to be explicit consent to any and all clauses specified by these Terms & Conditions.

The owner of Project KONGOR, with email address project.kongor@proton.me, reserves the right to amend these Terms & Conditions, in any way, without any notice, at any point in time, and for any reason, and no other Project KONGOR members or external collaborators shall make changes to these clauses. Additionally, these Terms & Conditions apply organisation-wide, and if they may clash with any clauses specified by any individual repository licenses then these Terms & Conditions take priority. It is the responsibility of any and all individual Project KONGOR members or external collaborators to keep themselves updated with these Terms & Conditions, as new commits get pushed to the containing repository.
